Add outbound traffic reporting to 9/ELCE (#130)
kaaproject/kaa-rfcs: 0009/README.md

> Traffic reporting events are for notifying listeners about endpoint events, such as the amount of payload received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traffic reporting events are for notifying listeners about endpoint events, such as the amount of payload received or sent.
```

The `{event-group}` is `traffic-reporting`.

> ## Tenant traffic stats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Endpoint payload reports
```

> The `{event-type}` is `traffic-stats`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `{event-type}` is `payload`.
```

> The sender publishes these events periodically to report the aggregate amount of payload received from or sent to endpoints owned by the tenant over a predetermined time frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sender publishes these events periodically to report the aggregate amount of payload received from or sent to endpoints in the reporting time frame.
```

Originator MUST use the following NATS subject format for the traffic payload size events:
```

> kaa.v1.events.{originator-service-instance-name}.endpoint.traffic-reporting.traffic-stats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kaa.v1.events.{originator-service-instance-name}.endpoint.traffic-reporting.payload
```
